hello that horse you want to know
what he adores my iphone is gone
with access to everything and find it at
nrj 12
shana candidate angels on TV
reality season 6 in australia for mtv
etc will do it reveals its applications
Favorite
I'm not geek I 'm at it's at
to say that there is to my darling and my
phone via the two eh ben it's
super hard because the phone there is
all about it when you want to do
a photo beat the closeness when you have
want to call a friend or call
Somebody beat you do you want to
watch what's happening on the networks
social beat the a so phone that one
need it what's vital I find
so of today yes quite
that is to say when it was not finished
the weekend we had our phones and
so to talk to my loved ones because
the phone between France realizes a
little bit expensive so I used watsa
can to take news
cute it's me ugly and naughty it's
the small millions that run you have to
do small activities and others
made banana stuff
frankly that's good I like a lot
this game yes then there is an application
or in fact I'm doing collages it's up to
say when I have pictures for example
I 'm dressed one way and I want
we see in two positions difference
so I'm doing small collages and
then there is the other application so
served nothing like that where I can
change the complexion
of the face when I have pimples by
example I try to hide when I have
little things to be a little bit more
I was so here I am these two
applications then twitter it's
really the application to which I
I do not have duras 24 but often I
find it really interesting people
really follow us because they
appreciate
unlike for example in facebook where
there are more things there are so many
positive things that negative
so it's true that twitter I find that
well because even the stars that you
kiffes beat to follow them you can
see what they write so less
it's really my application
favorite
yes then I have youtube for music
I have my channel elsewhere here in Chanac
remains where we can find
I workout videos I sing so
it is true that suddenly I go often
on it to see if I have any views what
tell people all that and the second
it's 10 o'clock yes it's only for
listen to music on the train when
we take the plane of the sport it's true that
it's pretty public practice people
yeah to follow a little bit everything
happens in the star legends
laterality it appears more
directly as soon as there is something
of interest is displayed on your
phone to greek and so it's not bad
public yes so that's shine created this
point as who is currently in
to update itself but that's it
it's a blog where we can
play but actuality
for example if we want to bouquet and
ali number of the contact person
the dates we make in France every
weekends are a lot of things what
unpublished photos straw 18 this is full of
things
and